insert ignore into member(memberid, username,password) values('1','Hubert','$2y$10$uOkqYtYtemb4w9flcCUWG.3YKXmbgN8j8qpmVIKWWwVtsM/7VSUTW');
insert ignore into member(memberid, username,password) values('2','LegoMaster','$2y$10$uOkqYtYtemb4w9flcCUWG.3YKXmbgN8j8qpmVIKWWwVtsM/7VSUTW');
insert ignore into member(memberid, username,password) values('3','Nick','$2y$10$uOkqYtYtemb4w9flcCUWG.3YKXmbgN8j8qpmVIKWWwVtsM/7VSUTW');
insert ignore into member(memberid, username,password) values('4','Konsh','$2y$10$uOkqYtYtemb4w9flcCUWG.3YKXmbgN8j8qpmVIKWWwVtsM/7VSUTW');
insert ignore into member(memberid, username,password) values('5','Bernard','$2y$10$uOkqYtYtemb4w9flcCUWG.3YKXmbgN8j8qpmVIKWWwVtsM/7VSUTW');
insert ignore into member(memberid, username,password) values('6','Jimbo','$2y$10$uOkqYtYtemb4w9flcCUWG.3YKXmbgN8j8qpmVIKWWwVtsM/7VSUTW');
insert ignore into member(memberid, username,password) values('7','Yu','$2y$10$uOkqYtYtemb4w9flcCUWG.3YKXmbgN8j8qpmVIKWWwVtsM/7VSUTW');
insert ignore into member(memberid, username,password) values('8','Ab','$2y$10$uOkqYtYtemb4w9flcCUWG.3YKXmbgN8j8qpmVIKWWwVtsM/7VSUTW');
insert ignore into member(memberid, username,password) values('9','Rolando','$2y$10$uOkqYtYtemb4w9flcCUWG.3YKXmbgN8j8qpmVIKWWwVtsM/7VSUTW');
insert ignore into member(memberid, username,password) values('10','Mike','$2y$10$uOkqYtYtemb4w9flcCUWG.3YKXmbgN8j8qpmVIKWWwVtsM/7VSUTW');
insert ignore into category(categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values (1, 1, "Technology", "For all your tech needs");
insert ignore into category(categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values (2, 6, "Health", "When longevity is what you seek");
insert ignore into category(categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values (3, 4, "Gardenning", "Blossom year round");
insert ignore into category(categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values (4, 3, "Toys", "Toys and different gadgets");
insert ignore into category(categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values (5, 9, "School", "The thing we all dread");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(1, 1, 1, "Computers", "Everything computers");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(2, 1, 3, "New Trends", "New toys on the scene");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(3, 1, 7, "Programming", "1010101001");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(4, 2, 4, "Fitness", "Lets get big");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(5, 2, 9, "Supplements", "To assist you on your journey");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(6, 2, 10, "Self Diagnosis", "Our very own doctor");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(7, 5, 5, "Monmouth University", "Hawks fly together");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(8, 5, 2, "Rutgers University", "Knights ride together");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(9, 5, 8, "Monmouth Elementary School", "Monmouth's little troopers");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(10, 4, 9, "Legos", "The classic toy");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(11, 4, 1, "New", "Any new toys on the market");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(12, 4, 7, "Reviews", "When you need feedback for a toy");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(13, 3, 8, "Soil", "All the soil info you will ever need");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(14, 3, 5, "Weather", "Prepare for mother nature");
insert ignore into article(articleid, categoryid, ownerid, name, description) values(15, 3, 6, "Technology", "Improve with tech!");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(1, 1, 5, "Check out my PC", "I just built this baby. Here are my parts 1. Corsair Obsidian series 550D 2. Sapphire Radeon HD 6850 1GB Graphics card 3. Intel Core i5-3570k Processor 4. GIGABYTE GA-Z77-D3H Motherboard 5. G Skill 8GB memory 6. Seasonic 650W Gold Power supply");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(2, 1, 1, "PC Master Race Checking in", "Hey guys!");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(3, 2, 6, "Oculus Rift", "Today, the 21-year-old is the founder of Oculus VR, a company that is on the verge of releasing the Rift, an affordable virtual-reality headset for playing ultra-immersive video games. Facebook bought the company for $2 billion this spring.");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(4, 2, 9, "Smart Wind and Solar Power", "Every few seconds, almost every one of the hundreds of turbines records the wind speed and its own power output. Every five minutes they dispatch data to high-performance computers 100 miles away at the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) in Boulder. There artificial-intelligence-based software crunches the numbers, along with data from weather satellites, weather stations, and other wind farms in the state. The result: wind power forecasts of unprecedented accuracy that are making it possible for Colorado to use far more renewable energy, at lower cost, than utilities ever thought possible.");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(5, 3, 6, "Get rid of URL pollution", "And that’s ugly. I myself always delete the meaningless parts of the URL, so that in the end people see only “http://somesite.com/artices/title-of-the-article”. But that’s me – a software engineer, who can distinguish the useless parts of the URL. Not many people can, and even fewer are bothered to cut parts of the URL, which results in looong and ugly URLs being pasted around. Why is that bad?");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(6, 3, 3, "What's the matter with PGP", "As transparent and user-friendly as the new email extensions are, they're fundamentally just re-implementations of OpenPGP -- and non-legacy-compatible ones, too. The problem with this is that, for all the good PGP has done in the past, it's a model of email encryption that's fundamentally broken.");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(7, 4, 10, "Deadlifts or Squats", "Which one should I be focusing on more");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(8, 4, 2, "What program should I do as a beginner", "Suggestions....?");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(9, 5, 3, "Best Protein Powder", "Which protein shakes should I be drinking?");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(10, 5, 8, "Best All Natural Supplement", "I don't eat my veggies so please help me out.");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(11, 6, 1, "What do I have?", "Hey guys, over the weekend I was running through the Amazon jungle. It was really intense, we saw snakes, panthers, and the OG Ronaldo. However, when we were 15 minutes in, I ran into a series of ivies that caused me to get a rash");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(12, 6, 5, "Should I go to the hospital?", "I have this pain in my stomach that hurts every time I walk. If I get up and start walking around my stomach just cringes in pain. I can't go to the doctors as it is teh weekend. My question is should I go to the doctors?");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(13, 7, 9, "What do you think of the new Logo?", "Hey guys, what do you think of Monmouth's new logo?");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(14, 7, 3, "Is the student center open on the weekends?", "Well is it?");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(15, 8, 5, "RU READY...?", "For school?");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(16, 8, 2, "Scarlet knights are the best", "So over the weekend, I was in California. I met another alum that helped me travel through the state. We surfed, snowboarded, visited Hollywood and numerous other things. This school is literally the best thing that has ever happened to me. WOOOHOOO.");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(17, 9, 7, "New tots are ready", "Kids all across the country are ready to hit the books. This is no exception with Monmouth elementary school. We got a brand new bunch of tots that are ready to seize the world running. I hope everyone is ready. I am so excited!");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(18, 9, 3, "Icebreakers all day", "One thing we will strive to do is to make everyone know each other. This will allow all the kids to feel comfortable with one and another. This and that, woohoo.");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(19, 10, 6, "Introduction", "Playing with Legos has many benefits. Its not only stress free (at times), its usually very easy and fun! Most people see that playing with Legos is a kid-only activity. But most of the time, many teenagers and adults make amazing creations with them!  Playing with Legos trains kids on how to be creative, and also inspires adults to be creative too. Creativity has been declining ever since 1990 according to a major study in 2011. Legos is the key to both having fun and restoring our creativity and our ability to innovate.");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(20, 10, 1, "Follow the Instructions", "Many Lego sets come with a series of instructions on how to put together the creation. But following the instructions completely takes away the creativity and all of the fun of Legos. Learn how to throw away the instructions, and make your own creations. Many adults and kids have learned to do this and have innovated amazing creat");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(21, 11, 2, "CG334 Airsoft gun", "The latest and greated airsoft gun on the market. This thing has the power to knock out your brother. This is really state of the art. Hell, you can even go to Iraq and fight with this peice of junk.");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(22, 11, 4, "PS5", "Thats Right! You heard it here first on TopicRush. The new Playstation 5 is the newest and greatest console that will be used to dominate the world. I hope you guys can get it.");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(23, 12, 3, "Review: PS5", "Its amazing. This is totally better than the Xbox 720. The latest and greatest invention since the wheel. The graphics are amazing. Their in house made processor processes things up to 1000000000x better than other processors.");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(24, 12, 2, "Review CS334", "This is not your kid's toy. this ting has the capability to kill. Thats right, KILL! That is what makes this thing a fear for all");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(25, 13, 6, "Lay of the land", "Before you plant a single seed, its important to know what kind of soil you have in your backyard. After all, your soil may just be the most important aspect to your plant- it provides moisture and necessary nutrients for plant survival. Through simple tests, you can find out what your soil is composed of and choose plants that will thrive in your specific composition! Soil is composed of three major components: sand, silt, and clay. An ideal soil is composed of 40% sand, 40% silt, and 20% clay. To find out what your soil is made of, take some samples and conduct a few simple tests. First, take a fistful of soil and squeeze it into a ball. If it cannot hold its shape, the soil is likely too loose, or sandy. If your ball stays together, try to break it with your thumb. If the soil does not break apart readily, your soil has too much clay. If your soil passed both of these tests, your soil is ideal, and will support most plants. Another test you can conduct is take a few cups of soil and put the soil in a half-gallon jar filled with water. Mix the mixture and let it sit overnight. You will see three distinct layers the next day: sand at the bottom, silt in the middle, and clay at the top. You will clearly be able to  tell what kind of soil composition you have. Knowing this, you can choose crops that will grow well in your backyard soil. Even if your ideal plant wont grow in your soil composition- not to worry! You can take steps to amend your soil as well!Now that youve got the lay of the land, here are just a few plants for every soil type. Good luck!");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(25, 13, 6, "Amend your soil", "Before planting, you may find yourself forced to compromise between choosing your dream plant and a plant that would actually survive in your backyard soil. Not to fear! You can easily amend your soil to make it the ideal soil for any plant. The best way to do so is to add organic matter, like compost. If your soil is overly sandy or high in silt, you can add topsoil, peat moss, and compost. If you have too much clay in your soil, add peat moss, compost, and some sand. If you are living in an urban area, you are advised not to add sand by itself. However, if you add sand in combination with organic matter, it can loosen clay soils.  Another soil care tip is to take pieces of wood or stones to create a short wall a couple inches high. This helps to prevent erosion.");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(26, 14, 9, "Rain, rain, go away", "Rainy days might ruin a day at the park, but rain is a crucial part of a healthy plant. Another aspect of gardening that you want to consider before choosing your plants is the amount of rainfall in your area. Some plants are better suited for little rainfall, while other plants thrive in high rainfall areas. www.wunderground.com has an almanac for every city in the United States, so you can find your area’s average rainfall. Choose plants that will thrive in your area so that nature will do the work for you!If you are watering your plants instead of relying on nature, there is no set amount that you need to water your plants. Instead, take a spade, push it into the soil, and pull back. If it is moist for at least 6-12 inches, you don’t need to water. If it is dry, your plant needs a watering!When watering, focus the water on the root zone. If you pour water directly on the leaves, it can promote disease. Try to water in the morning, as any water that gets on the leaves will have time to dry. Make sure to mulch your plants in order to reduce surface runoff and slow the evaporation of moisture in the soil. Also, use a soaker hose instead of a sprinkler. With the proper watering techniques and knowledge, your plants will be healthy and happy!");
insert ignore into content(contentid, articleid, ownerid, message, description) values(27, 15, 10, "Hydroponics", "An interesting form of gardening for science buffs and apartment residents is hydroponics. In hydroponics, plants are grown in a liquid medium instead of soil. The liquid medium is traditionally a nutrient rich water. Another medium is added as well, like clay, fiberglass, or sand. Kits are available online to help you get started. The simplest way to delve into hydroponics is a bubbler system, in which you keep pots filled with your solid medium just above the level that you kept your nutrient water at. Keep the solution well aerated to keep the solid medium moist.Hydroponically grown foods taste better than traditionally grown foods and they are nutritional as well. You have complete control over your plants, changing its properties through manipulating the nutrients in the water. You can also grow more in a small amount of space!");
